Assignment 4 (#4)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/techjobs-persistent/part-two/index.md

---
title: "Part Two"
date: 2023-01-03T10:42:56-06:00
draft: false
weight: 3
originalAuthor: John Woolbright # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: jwoolbright23 # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod: # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE
---

## Persisting Employers and Skills

> You will need to have completed the [setup steps](https://education.launchcode.org/java-web-dev-curriculum/assignments/techjobs-persistent/part-one/#connect-a-database-to-a-spring-app) before starting this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to have completed the [setup steps]({{< relref "../part-one/#connect-a-database-to-a-spring-app" >}}) before starting this
```

1. Since all of the subclasses of `AbstractEntity` will be entities themselves, add the `@Id` and `@GeneratedValue` annotations to the field `id`.
1. Each subclass will also inherit the `name` field from `AbstractEntity`. Add appropriate validation annotations so that:
    - a user cannot leave this field blank when creating an object.
    - there are reasonable limitations on the size of the name string. Keep in mind that the name field will be shared across `Job`, `Employer`, and `Skill` classes. Some employer names might be longer than 50 characters.

## Models

In the last assignment, a `Job` object contained string fields for employer and core competency data. This employer
and skill (formerly core competency) information about a particular job will now be stored in classes themselves.
These items themselves will hold their own supplementary information.

1. Open the `Employer` model class. In addition to the fields inherited from `AbstractEntity`, `Employer` should have a string field for `location`. Add the field for `location` with validation that ensures it is not empty and has a reasonable length. In addition, add public accessor methods to `Employer`.

> {{% notice blue Note "rocket" %}}
> For the purposes of this application, an employer can only have one location.
> {{% /notice %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {{% notice blue Note "rocket" %}}
   For the purposes of this application, an employer can only have one location.
   {{% /notice %}}
```

Author: This applies a strange font / box when tabbed in. Going to leave as is for now unless there is a fix I am unaware of.

Author: Ordered the numbers manually as a fix.
